Add redirectUrls prefix to merchant config and redirectUrl to create … (#207)
centrapay/centrapay.github.io: src/api/merchants/merchant-configs.md

{% h4 Required Fields %}

| Field          | Type   | Description                          |
| :------------  | :----- | :----------------------------------- |
| paymentOptions | Array  | Array of [Payment Option Configs][]. |

{% h4 Optional Fields %}

|    Field     | Type  |                                               Description                                               |
| :----------- | :---- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | redirectUrls | Array | **Experimental** List of supported url prefixes that the user can go to after paying a payment request. |

Reviewer: can we call this "allowedRedirectUrls"?

> | allowedRedirectUrls | Array | **Experimental** List of allowed url prefixes that the user can go to after paying or cancelling a payment request. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| allowedRedirectUrls | Array | **Experimental** Allowed prefixes for the `redirectUrl` property on Payment Requests created with this Config. |
```

> | allowedRedirectUrls | Array | **Experimental** List of allowewd url prefixes that the user can go to after paying or cancelling a payment request. |

Reviewer 2: I'm thinking this is not going to scale well. A URL is generally inclusive of a resource.

i.e. redirects might go back to something dynamic like https://app.cp42.click/pay/3923067a-5e4e-421b-952b-3e915e2b43d3, and specifying all URLs is a bit excessive.

Are we allowing for more general redirects like https://app.cp42.click/hello/*?
If so, can we rename this to something more general like allowedRedirectFQDNs, or allowedRedirectHosts?

Reviewer 3: I like allowedRedirectHosts

Reviewer 3: There's a small type allowewd --> allowed

Reviewer: @heymatthew It is a prefix. I thought "allowedRedirectUrlPrefixes" was too wordy so settled on "allowedRedirectUrls". If you read the description it tells you that it is a prefix.
